Delhi University Confessions
#308.
The best confession in the history of confession pages. What a man.! Hats off!!
"I see a lot of my juniors confessing about love , sex , make outs awe sum college life .i want to confess something else .

1.I joined heritage in its initial batches .i was very introvert and was a ragged a hell lot . A belt was tied around neck i was made to roam around the college in my first day .When i complained to my dad he thrashed me saying that i was a loser and wasting his hard earned money .( he hoped that i was in IIT).I felt liked being raped that day .not by my college seniors but by my dad.

2.i got a very low grade in my first semester because i was pressurized by my dad to appear for IIT again . i Got a severe thrashing from him again .my mom somehow rescued me.

3. In second semester i mustered up enough courage to propose to my best friend but she rejected me because in her words ""she didnt wanted to be ridiculed by her friends "". she stopped talking to me after that .i was heart broken as she and my mom were the only people i shared everything with.

4.during the 4th semester break , while i was returning home after teaching a student . i got a phone call informing me that my mom had expired . my world came crashing that day . I cried for for days on end and somehow picked myself up as i had no other alternative

5. My attendance fell very low that semester and i was summoned by the principal . when i told him about my mothers death he replied "" i hear this lie everyday .please bring me the death certificate if u have one ."" Then while i was leaving he told me "" no need to bring death certificate , useless guys like u can even fake that .call your dad ""

6. my frnds always ridiculed me because i was loser .i dint laugh at their jokes .to mix with them i started drinking .i dint like the taste but liked the high . i often used to act drunk to appear more cool .i learned to call girls ""magi "" but never knew its real meaning . that helped me survive college

7.it was the campussing day , i got rejected that day again .hoped to make it to the next company .but was unsucessfull till the and of campussing . i had tried a lot . attended English speaking classes (my English was horrible) , brought new pair of shirt . when my dad heard this he told me not to call again and this time i didnt feel remorse or regret for him . for the ntire night i contemplated suicide but couldn't as i had promised my mom that i will shine one day .

8 . i started doing private tutiions and preparing for CAT.i gave my everything . I got 99.87 percentile but couldnt make it again to a big IIM because of my low grades .What had i done now to deserve this ? i felt . I finally got admitted into decent college and a helpful bank manger arranged for loan .

9.After passing out i got into volvo eicher as a junior manager . i dint last for 3 months because i couldnt lick my boss s boot properly .My service was terminated because of being inefficient .

10. i started making i phone apps in my leisure time while i was applying to a few companies .Slowly i took it up as a more serious start up . got hold of 2 more friends like me who were from cs background and were unable to find a job .

11 in 2011 i made a small office .by the end of 2011 i had a small group of 8 engineers working with me . In 2012 we bagged several contracts from companies like mobiquity , exxon mobile and the workforce increased to 80 developers .in march 2013 i will be applying for turnover of over 5 crores .

i dont know how to thank god for his blessings . i thank that senior who ragged me in my first day at college, that girl who dumped me , my professors who ridiculed me , the numerous friend who though i was a loser . it is you who gave me the courage , the fire , the anger to succeed against all odds . seriously no hard feelings guys , u made me what i am . i dont stay with my dad but i send him enough so that he can lead a comfortable life . My advise to all juniors .shine in life .When a loser like me can why cant u?.never let people say u cant do it . many people might have faced similar or more lows in college life but NEVER EVER give up . Let not a broken relationship , failed grade ,lost job opportunity or ""status"" among friends define you . And never lose faith in humanity in goodness .there a few bad people but there are a lot more good people around here . I met a lot of good people,professors in my college .and believe me heritage taught me a lot
Lastly MA, hope u could read this . i love u a lot.